[Term Entry] python Built-in Function: getattr() (#2246)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/built-in-functions/terms/getattr/getattr.md

---
Title: "getattr()"
Description: "Returns the value of the named property in the specified object."
Subjects:
  - "Computer Science"
  - "Data Science"
Tags:
  - "Functions"
  - "Methods"
  - "Objects"
  - "Classes"
  - "OOP"
CatalogContent:
  - "learn-python-3"
  - "paths/computer-science"
  - "paths/data-science"
---

The built-in **getattr()** function returns the value of the named property in a specified object/[Class](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/content/python/concepts/classes/classes.md).

## Syntax

```py
getattr(object, name, default)
```

The `getattr()` method takes at least 2 parameters: `object`, the object whose attribute we need to work with. `name`, a string with the name of the attribute.

> The `default` parameter is optional, it will be returned when the named attribute does not exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `default`, (optional) a value to be returned when the named attribute does not exist
```

> ## Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Examples
```

### Example 1

```py
class Cat:

>     hobby = 'sleep'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    hobby = 'sleeping'
```

Reviewer: please change this attribute in the other examples as well
